Add "Terminating" status in kube_pod_status_phase metrics (#1013)
kubernetes/kube-state-metrics: docs/pod-metrics.md

| kube_pod_spec_volumes_persistentvolumeclaims_info | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `volume`=&lt;volume-name&gt;  <br> `persistentvolumeclaim`=&lt;persistentvolumeclaim-claimname&gt; | STABLE |
| kube_pod_spec_volumes_persistentvolumeclaims_readonly | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt;  <br> `volume`=&lt;volume-name&gt;  <br> `persistentvolumeclaim`=&lt;persistentvolumeclaim-claimname&gt; | STABLE |
| kube_pod_status_reason | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `reason`=&lt;NodeLost\|Evicted\&gt; | EXPERIMENTAL |
| kube_pod_status_scheduled_time | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; | STABLE |
| kube_pod_status_unschedulable | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; | STABLE |

## Useful metrics queries

### How to retrieve none standard Pod state

> It is not straightforward to get the Pod states for certain cases like "Terminating" and "Unknow" since it is not stored behind a field in the `Pod.status`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not straightforward to get the Pod states for certain cases like "Terminating" and "Unknown" since it is not stored behind a field in the `Pod.Status`.
```

> So to get them, you need to compose multiple metrics (like it is done in the `kubectl` command line).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So to get them, you will need to compose multiple metrics (like it is done in the `kubectl` command line code).
```

For example:

> * To get the list the Pods that are in an `Unknow` state you can to the following promQL query: `count(kube_pod_status_phase{phase="Running"}) by (namespace, pod) * count(kube_pod_status_reason{reason="NodeLost"}) by(namespace, pod)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To get the list of pods that are in the `Unknown` state, you can run the following promQL query: `count(kube_pod_status_phase{phase="Running"}) by (namespace, pod) * count(kube_pod_status_reason{reason="NodeLost"}) by(namespace, pod)`
```

* For Pods in `Terminated` state: `count(kube_pod_status_phase{phase="Running"}) by (namespace, pod) * count(kube_pod_deleted) by (namespace, pod) * count(kube_pod_status_reason{reason!="NodeLost"})) by (namespace, pod)`

> A useful "Rule" can be to be alerted when a Pod is blocked in `Terminated` state for more than `5m`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a Prometheus rule that can be used to alert on a Pod that has been in the `Terminated` state for more than `5m`.
```

| kube_pod_spec_volumes_persistentvolumeclaims_readonly | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt;  <br> `volume`=&lt;volume-name&gt;  <br> `persistentvolumeclaim`=&lt;persistentvolumeclaim-claimname&gt; | STABLE |
| kube_pod_status_scheduled_time | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; | STABLE |
| kube_pod_status_unschedulable | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; | STABLE |

> | kube_pod_status_reason | Gauge | `pod`=&lt;pod-name&gt; <br> `namespace`=&lt;pod-namespace&gt; <br> `reason`=&lt;NodeLost\|Evicted\&gt; | EXPERIMENTAL |

Reviewer: Let's maintain the lexical order. This will need to be before `kube_pod_status_unscheduled_time`.

Author: sure

Reviewer: @clamoriniere That was a typo from me. I meant before `kube_pod_status_scheduled_time`. Sorry about that :(

Author: no problem :) updated
